[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: There was a quick question.
>> Kent C Dodds: Sure yeah.
>> Speaker 1: Can this be
used with Angular 1 apps?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yes it can.
The problem with that you'll find with
an Angular 1 app is, often the state of
the application lives throughout of
the code base, like it's everywhere.
And so like when I say okay you can have
a model open with the form filled out.
Well if the recompiling
the template is going to
clear out that form then
that's not like super useful,
it's almost like refreshing the page or
even recompiling the template will likely
clear out the modal as well,
like it'll get rid of the model.
So yeah, like I said at the beginning,
lots of the features that I'm talking
about with WebPack are put well to some
applications and not as much to others.
And so yeah, this is one where
like everybody really loves to
talk about hot Mocha replacement and
it is really really cool.
But it's like your application
has to be in a certain way for
it to really be hugely beneficial.
That's been my findings anyway.
So I don't know if you get
a whole lot of bank for
your buck on at Angular 1 app
with how much you're learning.
I know that people do it.
There are people in the world
who have done that.
>> Kent C Dodds: Okay,
any other questions?
So, yeah testing, testing is
something that is really important.
I am curious,
how many people here have like
50% code coverage on their applications?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah.
Anybody with a hundred?
Okay, good.
[LAUGH] You're wasting your time if you do
one hundred percent code coverage, unit
test code coverage on the application.
But 50% is pretty good.
I generally like to stick around 70%
code coverage on applications and
100% on open source.
That's because open source it's
a lot easier, smaller modules,
it's a lot easier to get 100%.
Yes.
>> Speaker 3: Do you have any thoughts
on line coverage verses branch coverage?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah.
Line coverage basically,
it's like this line executed.
That's all line coverage tells you.
Branch coverage says, this if statements
alternate did not execute or this turnery
like the turnery operator was always
false when you ran this code or whatever.
I am under the impression
that I like to see as many
lines of code run that are important
that they never break.
So, like whether or not it's lines
of code or like a branch of,
like whether or
not an if statement is run.
I more care about like,
if this broke how better would that be?
And that's why I try to focus
my efforts is where it'd be bad.
Good question.
Other questions?
Okay, sweet.
So, yeah we'll probably, lots of this
is just like setting up the stuffs.
So I'm mostly gonna show you the code for
these.
So, here we pretty much, right here
we're installing a couple dependencies
karma-chrome-launcher and Mocha I don't
know how many people here use karma?
Okay, so it's pretty ubiquitous to all,
I'll just briefly explain it.
Karma is basically responsible for
running tests.
So if you use Jasmine or
Mocha they both have a CLA that
will run your test for you.
But if you wanna run in an actual browser
they actually, I'm pretty sure they
both have the ability to run it like, for
you to put script tags in an HTML and
then you can open that index
HTML in a browser and stuff.
But that's like kind of tedious to
have to refresh that and whatever.
And so, karma makes it really easy to
load all of your like specify what
files you want to have loaded into
a browser and run those for you.
It has like a watch mode so
it would refresh the browser for you and
refresh your files and then you can also
run across multiple browsers as well.
So we're just using Chrome but you could
have, there's a Firefox launcher and
a Safari launcher and
Internet Explorer launcher and
who knows maybe a Brave launcher,
I don't know.
But yeah, so karma,
that's karma's responsibility.
It's loading files into a browser and
running and
opening that browser for you, yeah.
>> Speaker 1: Question, why not Eva?
Is that all you can [INAUDIBLE].
>> Kent C Dodds: All right so,
Eva testing framework.
It does not work in the browser,
it works just in node.
And I like it a lot.
It's great,
it's got a really fantastic API.
And it only has a like a node CLI, so
you have to, like if you wanna test
stuff that is using the DOM you have to
use like a DOM implementation like JS DOM.
I'm using it in my project at work
right now and I love its API.
One of the things that Eva
promises is performance,
because node is single threaded.
If you're running your mocha tests,
you're only running that on a single core.
You have like eight, 1200 cores in your
machine, you're only using one of them.
And so what?
What Eva says,
okay we'll spawn a different process for
every single test file that you have and
run the test in those processes.
Those who send us back the results and
then we'll aggregate them for
you in one thread.
So, I have found that there's is a lot of
overhead with spawning those processes and
it actually results in pretty
dead slow performance.
So, I am currently
working on migrating from Eva to
Mocha again, so which is really sad.
I really like Eva a lot it's API is really
amazing but it's just too soft, yeah.
>> Speaker 1: Just a general
question what about Headless Chrome?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yes, Headless Chrome
is also something coming up.
I don't think that there's a launcher but
just to kind of explain Headless Chrome.
So, what you're looking at right now
is a head full chrome I guess it's
like there's a UI associated with it.
So I've got buttons and
I can interact with the page here.
So it pops open a window.
There are also headless browsers,
probably the most common is PhantomJS.
Anybody know PhantomJS?
Okay, so this ones really
popular because setting up
Chrome or Firefox on a CI server,
where you're running your test continues
integration server,
can be a real pain in the rear.
So you use PhantomJS which
is a headless browser which
basically you just install it.
You don't need to have like
a window pop up or anything,
it just kind of is running node as
a separate process, it's pretty awesome.
The problem with Phantom is until,
I'm pretty sure that you 2.0 has been
released and there's been an update.
But until recently it
supported ES3 which like we're
all excited about is ES 2016, 2017.
Yeah, it supported to ES3 not even to ES5
so you had to poly fill the dickens and
it was just a real pain.
So I haven't used Phantom for
a really long time.
I'm pretty sure that 2.0 supports ES5 now,
but yeah.
So Headless Chrome though is coming,
I'm pretty sure in Canary right
now you can get a Headless Chrome.
But I don't think, I looked around for
a karma-headless-chrome-launcher and
I don't think that exists yet.
So, if any of you all want to
build it that'd be awesome.
I'd love it.
Good questions, other questions?
Okay, sweet.
Am I talking too much?
Okay, [LAUGH] hopefully
it's useful information.
Okay so then we're also installing
karma-mocha and that gives
us all the mocha Global's and make sure
that mocha is installed in our project.
You may love that,
you may hate that, but yeah,
then we have the mocha testing framework.
I have to Project 2 have a couple
scripts that will use karma-start.
And also a watch mode that uses
the test script, and forwards along
a couple arguments, so that you can
have the tests run as you're developing.
So if you're a fan of TDD,
that's what you're gonna wanna do.
I am a fan of TDD.
And then you run the update of
the validate script to also run our tests,
because that makes sense.
Okay, so then we also have this,
well I'll just show this,
also we have
a src/controller.test.js file.
So how many people here
have a test directory
that mirrors their source directory?
So all that, yeah okay,
so this is pretty common.
You have like src/controller.js,
you're gonna have a test/controller.js and
as your file system grows,
both of those grow and supposedly
they're supposed to mirror each other.
So if you move controller than you're
supposed to like in the source directory
then you supposed to move
the controller in the test directory.
This doesn't scale very well and
I'm not gonna like belabor you with
my explanation cuz I have
a blog post about it.
Ask me about it later.
It's what code comments can teach
us about scaling code basis?
I think that's what it's called.
So you can look it up later.
But-
>> Speaker 1: You're asking but
what's that switch no
single run on line 46.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah so, that?
To be perfectly honest, I'm not entirely
sure why it needs both of these.
To me it seems like it would make more
sense to just have like a --watch,
but that's what you need to be able
to get watch mode running for karma.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, so anyway you'll
find that the test file is in line or
right next to the controller.js file and
you can ask me later about why I co-locate
those things, but it's a good thing.
But then finally you also have
your karma config, I'm not gonna,
karma is an important tool but it's not
the tool that we're talking about today.
And so you can look at that later.
The most important part that you need to
care about are the files that we have here
cuz we're gonna be making changes to that.
Okay, so still,
right from here we don't actually have,
well we do have actually tests running but
we don't have WebPack integrated,
the test that will have running
is this a test that does nothing.
It's just using the mocha API.
Yeah, so I don't think it's super
valuable for you guys to or for
you all to work on that right now.
So, any other questions
before I move onto the next
extremely short explanation, okay.
Cool, so the next thing that we do is we
just are adding our assertion library
probably just on this the same time.
But we're using chai in this project.
Adding that as our dependency.
Adding karma-chai to get some, to get
it to the expect global in the browser.
Then we're just expecting true to
be true and high to equal high.
So just to verify that we have
our tests all set up and running.
Any questions about that?
Okay.